continue test number two fights
In the air, kill in the air ten horns
the allotted time is given to you pretty
much time but unfortunately it is pretty
difficult test though the most difficult yet
ahead of course for prize points
you need to kill the air at least 20 enemies and
understand the complexity of this test
is that most often from you
It takes a very long time to finish and already
then throw air to kill and
I originally followed exactly this
tactics using the sword Olympus blade
Olympus
I threw enemies after this already
Blades Athena and there already finished them
air using one well or frames
any other combination in general
Unfortunately, this does not always work and
it is quite difficult that is
I later realized that it was more convenient
scheme is just tossing
air and constant mash air but
Of course it is not always convenient
Experiment in principle
coped with this test almost not
looking normal some tactics
better of course so that you have all the weapons
were pumped and this test of course
this pumping is not so necessary
all guns and all magic but principle
If this is you then you will be much
easier in subsequent trials in this
Tests in principle, too, since less
Olympus is very powerful
throw air there at the same time combo
almost all kill each of the horns i
In principle, I did this in principle.
only these legionaries have grown up
other enemies can not throw here
this is it and in which you circle by sight
huge yes you can throw jellyfish
Gorgon that's left here but with her
the risk that she freeze turn
stone more precisely it is of course very very
high risk and you do not want to pereprohodit
I for example, you see, I almost finished it off 8
there were only victories
your enemies and principle all i will pass it
but the test will of course only
survive here is just one enemy left
killed by the air but as you see me
came for donates and so I decided 1
throw up
and managed to toss at the moment when
he died because of which he was very happy and
principle, there is only one enemy left of
legionnaires later others appeared but
now here are these bonus points they are in
principle in some trials easy
get them worth getting those whom
complicated
most often not worth it too much
think in order to get
poo path passing all tests
titans in me need all the prizes
collect in all trials
you need to get the overall rank of titanium
total titanium rank is like going
points from all the new tests to me
you need to get the rank of titanium in all
tests you need to get together
All points are collected for all tests.
gave you a titan rank thanks to this you
get some prizes at the end
When will you pass all seven?
countries here I actually ten wins
air and did
lived and actually ended on this
I passed this test the title of god and in
principle this is enough that is with his
here you get this title then you are quite
easily be able to get in the end
call camp and trophy mistake for what
perform data test to the following
test